Add doc for PyFuncModel and spark_udf supporting multi-dimensional array input (#7531)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/models.rst

    pyfunc_udf = mlflow.pyfunc.spark_udf(spark, <path-to-model-with-signature>)
    df = spark_df.withColumn("prediction", pyfunc_udf())

If a model contains a signature with tensor spec inputs,
you need to pass a column of array type as a corresponding UDF argument,
the column values must be one dimension arrays and the

> UDF will reshape the column values to the required shape with C_CONTIGUOUS (row-major)

Reviewer: Could we add a link here to the numpy reference for `C_CONTIGUOUS`? Most numpy users would be more familiar with the short-hand notation of `C` and pandas users will likely find this very confusing.

Author: I rewrite it to with 'C' order (i.e. read / write the elements using C-like index order) , make it the same as the numpy doc: https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/generated/numpy.reshape.html

Reviewer 2: @WeichenXu123 Do we really need `with 'C' order`?

Author: I think we should explicitly explain it is using 'C' order , because reshape with order='F' will get different result and some math libraries uses 'F' order by default

order and cast the values as the required tensor spec type. For example, assuming a model

> requires input 'a' of shape (-1, 2, 3) and input 'b' of shape (-1, 4, 5), then we need to
> prepare an inference spark dataframe with column 'a' containing arrays of length 6 and
> column 'b' containing arrays of length 20, then invoke the UDF like following example code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requires input 'a' of shape (-1, 2, 3) and input 'b' of shape (-1, 4, 5). In order to perform inference on this data, we need to prepare a Spark DataFrame with column 'a' containing arrays of length 6 and
column 'b' containing arrays of length 20. We can then invoke the UDF like following example code:
```

.. rubric:: Example

> .. code-block:: py

Reviewer: should this be `test-code-block:: py`?

Author: Other example code in this file also uses `code-block:: py`
